Performance Requirements:
Available 	- Order and Customer Details will be available 100% of the time.
Storage   	- System shall delete outdated orders and reports from local storage that exceed 120 days.
		- System shall attempt to backup data every hour to cloud storage once internet connection is available.
Database  	- Valid entries should be updated 100% of the time. 
          	- Should not take more than 5 seconds to process and retrieve or update records.
          	- Data must always be accurate and up-to-date, without errors.
calculations 	- Calculations should have a 0% error rate.


Safety and Security Requirements:
The system being created will contain vital information for the customers, users and business, 
storing the customers' and users' personal information, along with proprietary business data and calculations. 

As such the security considerations being implemented are as follows:

Users must change the initial password immediately after first successful login.
Passwords shall never be viewable at point of entry or any other time.
Every password shall contain at least one Capital letter and at least one number.
To minimize data leakage, every employee that wishes to access individual customer information will be 
assigned a unique user ID and password. Each user will be given specific privileges to access data and system functions. 
To enter this system, the user shall enter a username and password.
There are different tiers of permissions for different users, which allows the user to access certain functions provided by the system. This is so that the risk of theft is minimized.
All data recorded by the system shall be encrypted and stored locally to prevent outside(online) interference.
Upon crashing, the system shall restart bringing the user back to the username and password screen 
where they shall be required to enter their username and password again to use this system.
Each time a new update is made, the system shall save a record of it in a separate file to be added at the next backup instance.
In the event of data corruption after a crash, a recovery protocol will be implemented, restoring the backup along with the unappended file.


Software Quality Attributes:
availability 	- The system shall be operational 24/7 as the customer requires.
correctness 	- At the start of an order, the system shall check the quantity of available products, allow the user to 
		  submit orders for products based on the quantity available and update the inventory and orders correctly after the 
		  order has been submitted correctly.
maintainability - The system should maintain correct customer, order and inventory details.
efficiency 	- The system shall take less than 5 minutes to recover from system crashes, 
		  less 90 seconds to start up and less than 5 seconds to process user requests.
robustness	- The system shall .
		  It shall mitigate against system crashes by appropriately managing user inputs, running
		  full system tests to ensure optimal system health after an unexpected crash occurs and recovering from backups. 
usability 	- The system will only be useable to authorized users once an employee has been trained for 30 miutes or less.